[Music]
yeah okay I forgive you without that pathetic
live with Nemo's face
it's true Today was the day
Today was the day do you remember that encouragement he
did to me the other day like a live
using my voice
to
using my voice to make the promo
was another troll come on now
or later Then if it was a troll do
n't go away don't go complain later he
had a box he had a box on his
head and he was putting up the
Christmas tree I mean don't [ __ ] with me spoiler he doesn't
show his face it was another one of his and also
kind of copied Spring's trolling
seriously dude do
n't [ __ ] with me I mean like don't [ __ ] with me I
mean the other day he uploaded this trailer
no
where did he put my voice and all
where is
this like one is behaving like
a crawl because she's a [ __ ]
cheap victim desperate for
approval
ridiculous be very careful Okay
[Music] Let's
see it's a live with a camera of course he's not
telling you to take out the camera to show your
face he's telling you that it's a
live with cameras but of course here
when you when you give  to understand this
transformation from drawing to real person
is like you're implying
that you're going to do it without Avatar off my goodness my
goodness
anyway
what did he click on intro let's
see if well This is what we have seen No it's
not an intro it's a trailer
after being for a few minutes with a
black bag covering his head he
finally said he would uncover his face
with more than 30,000 spectators
[Music]
Argentina the World Cup was going to show its
face no lie no
in the end I didn't bet on it I was about to
do the least bad thing that I didn't do it but
still
there's something
and I want to show them it's
going to come out on auronplay it's going to come out It does
that How does it do that as if
to test yes yes even though this is still
This seems to me like the last few
strokes you know when a fish a
fish tank that by the way the other day happens
An incredible thing no Where did Berlin go
the biggest fish tank in the world exploded
which was in a hotel it was a fish tank of a
lot of 1500 of 1500 liters a
ton and a half I think it was not
brutal  brutal and it exploded well it flooded the
streets and not everyone and you know the one about the
fish when they're on the ground with no
water in the ground like that
giving their last well that's what it
does it's not like it comes on I'm going to
mark the clickbait again this one not when like
Lonely's no and other times I don't have
30,000 40,000 people here to see if I
arrive and then it's one that thanks
but it's that there's no troll let's
see a troll it's that you I wouldn't
know how to give you an example of a troll it's that I wouldn't
know how to give you an example of a troll It's that
this seems to me like
wismichu's sandwich I mean he
sold the sandwich thing as a
troll the sandwich thing isn't a
troll I mean you made people
go to the movies and it turns out that when they
get there the movie is a loop
that's not a troll I mean let's see
if you're telling me that there's a
movie Well I'm going
alone a deception no I mean imagine that
David Bisbal  He says that tomorrow in Plaza
España in Seville there's a
free concert and everyone goes and now you get
there and there's no concert he's trolling trolling
[ __ ] insulted here the crowd you
understand it's not trolling for me it's
trolling Oh I do
n't know how to give you an example
give you an example of
trolling and I say
give me an example of trolling I
say Ah I don't know right now to give you an
example of
gore not of lateo not of gore
of latedeo of course
but this is
what you call a live show and I say
guys Look guys listen to me I'm going to be
doing a live show naked in front
of 10,000 spectators I
get naked and now when
the 10,000 spectators arrive or 20,000
spectators I cut it off the live show I've
trolled I do
n't understand it the truth
direct and jumping
going
I know that we're going to put it all together crazy
change of camera
ready
let's put it together
what's up
song
okay Guys before we put up the little tree
something  more important the song Loco the
song Come on come on damn come on damn
the song is already here Let's see let's
listen to it
on YouTube
San YouTube capture of
a damn thing it's like super finished no I
mean it's like super finished no I
have faith then you
have faith come on month Come on Messi Come on
Messi
therefore this tree is superior
let's leave freako there
Judas
but not for this String for the
next Now I'm leaving
alive Argentina
I swear that the camera is giving me some scoldings
no I don't know the truth I don't know what to say
but but well I'm seconds away from
demonstrating live what I prepared for you
everything that We were seeing how the
camera looks incredible
So well
Hello how are you Oh
what did you expect no I do
n't predict the future Windy is going to
box with Nimu to see if the two
revive their channels it will be their last
attempts Is this already
forward Or am I wrong
forward
[Music] ca
n't stand a joke No don't go It's that
the voice fits the doll badly that
she made without a doll right
this is a joke a little joke
I thought you were going to take it better
wait  I have
everything ready I have everything
for the dynamic that we're going to do, that is,
the camera thing It was just a
little joke
for a second There it goes I'll come back there I
prepare everything there's everything ready give me a
second give me a second Give me a second I'm already
learning eh Don't
rush me don't rush me Now I'm going to
take longer now that you rush me I'll take
longer
screen
okay
This is a little uncomfortable I know that
you were expecting
a human person but I've been
telling you For a long time that I am a
special cat and that it's true that a good
purple one walking down the street I know
that this is a little complicated to
digest I know but you'll get used to it
as you see the camera can turn on
[Music] this
is giving me cringe man this
is giving me this shame this
decline
and now we're going to do special dynamics
[Music]
[Applause]
okay Okay
nothing let's start that
[Music]
at least the potato I liked the potato thing I
'm going to take it I
recommend it don't come telling me I'm
reading copy comments
from Sprint in this really different crazy
eh Don't dress the balls eh Don't break the
balls I'm already seeing them Okay I know that
all of you come for my face no
lies but no guys that this
really yes
yes it is a copy of it is a copy of Sprint it is a
copy of Sprint who has put it on me has
put it on me here I will do something
this doesn't make any sense
Unique viewers
419 subscriptions well it seems like
a lot to me the truth
19,000 new followers
86,000
viewers this has had
the salt would be very tender I am very tender I am very tender I am very tender I
am very tender
you know the laws
[Music]